Mario party but last place wins the only
thing is that we must go in the
direction of the star and buy it just so
we avoid this from happening and bonus
stars are turned on which one among the
four of us can win by being the least
skilled player let's find out I roll
first as usual oh yes okay no see we
want to be the last I am living in the
spirit of this mode no Brent low roll
challenge impossible no way I'm gonna
purposely lose all of my money here one
of the most expensive thing dude we're
literally all gonna be double your money
as soon as we see that these hidden plus
you're gonna be jump scares I'm so
scared about that oh I got lucky oh I
don't know I don't know rubber ducky
lucky not coins just not coins just not
coins
oh wait I forgot I'm editing this so I
can like enable even more Warrior time
notes in my video
no hmm I see I see no I see as well is
this how you act IRL too like you're
buying like a Big Mac from McDonald's
they're like that'll be ten dollars oh I
see bro inadvertently I say too many
things from our sessions in real life
I've let I see slipping I'm like wait
what the am I doing bro
it'd be a real shame if the three of us
just did not win this video game what am
I supposed to do here bro
yeah yeah Squidward
oh no if I rolled too good but a tragedy
that's even more tragic oh wait that's
horrible oh yes you're so sexy
oh hell yeah zero coins and zero Stars
oh my gosh these big dick walls dude
you're gonna get that sightseer bonus
for sure yeah Jesus
oh I see oh this is actually busted
[Music]
wait we can just run in the middle I
guess Evie will get off
I Love Money Evie take my first baby all
yours
oh the plunder chest oh it's because
print is bad and he's like third right
now the thumb at the last bro not the
plunder interesting I want this as
insurance for something that's why well
that's perfect actually oh actually wait
yeah that works
he's just gonna do that every single
turn he does that literally every game
we've ever played you pick
you're a big deal
all right Evie you pick one
you pick oh you pick
let's fix my income just a little bit
sure I mean he did not just land on
Bowser
don't you have to go in the direction of
the star though which is downward TV
wait oh he died you guys I mean
technically both ways are the direction
of the star no but one is not in the
direction I see there's no way I got a
10 right well either way you can't even
afford it oh wait really Oh I thought it
was okay nevermind I thought it was
loaded it's okay Nick you're broke it's
fine bernius what are you doing I got a
really funny idea oh wait I think I know
what Bird's doing
oh my gosh I know what he's doing too I
think Nick needs to buy the star okay I
have a charm call so this is useless
well you're not gonna pop the balloon in
time I tried I tried yeah you did try
you we still got five Penny
coins though while drawing in this game
gives you five it's the older titles
that give you nothing I see
the heck
[Music]
all right so this star is moving on my
next turn I I see that very clearly
yo hit this one bro hit this one it'd be
so hype screw you vernias yeah I smacked
your sign what you gonna do about it is
that you vernius you do kind of look
alike
buster
why actually reached 99 I'm pretty sure
that means Brett and Nick win this
because they're closest that's not how
it works Bernie it's just like you've
never played Mario party before that's
cool wait but hold up I think bird might
be right here no that's not how wait why
are we what wait really what yo rip bozo
what yeah I think it's because I could
be a dick didn't count it all I guess
but still didn't you guys know
closer to 32 than zero yeah what dude
that's baffling the American education
system has failed the Mario party dance
are they Japanese
okay well I guess they got the American
um no Bernie sure joke doesn't make
sense your joke doesn't make sense I
think it's a reach at this point
all right so we are
[Music]
here oh without doubt that I'm High
rolling that
oh more lucky oh my God you're so lucky
man watch it get even more money though
no okay that works actually okay oh
lucky number seven I have to time it
perfectly you are gas letting yourself
is if you ever thought you could tie
into this oh that's what I thought no
custom for you
[Music]
yo what a great minigame bathroom
emulator oh wait you see that one
winning any coins huh that's so weird
how you got nobody yeah sometimes you do
sometimes you don't that's why I asked
about the draw thing I see
[Laughter]
you see as well what do you guys see I
see Bernie is getting the hidden dice
block right in this turn and I see that
Nick is incorrect with his assumptions I
read Audi
I kind of bought this as a tax refund I
have literally no idea what to do with
this here I'm gonna go for the chain
shop wait did you take for me oh my gosh
this is actually very convenient no he
sold next insurance policy
oh hey item hey Brett good job okay Evie
Christ he went through everybody but
Evie we all do that once where we like
cycle through all of us until we get to
the right person trying to talk to you
oh four we have never gotten a
free-for-all Bros
you know you want to bro you know you
want to
you know you guys watch it so badly
everything inside of you I can hold
myself oh my gosh Nick has been like so
many mini games bro he's so good at this
game ah it's a curse of being too
talented yeah you're cursed with too
much talent and Rod skill dude
losing in this mode it's like oh you got
you have the John of saying oh I'm too
skilled bro it's too easy
I'm hearing I smell it bro I'm sure
Birdo can smell it too
Roberta will smell it and then inhaler
like Patrick in that one episode of
SpongeBob inhaling the sausages 21
Bowser space browser space get that
Bowser bonus yeah those gloves
[Music]
I'm slowly losing my voice every turn
because I've shattered seven Warrior
times so far take a break bro don't
worry I have a large glass of water
beside me for occasions like this this
is not fake
throw Brent I hope you know that perhaps
not but it helps it helps in the short
term don't let you tied the custom again
I believe for that custom right now by
the way
I said cursed ice bro the moment next
turn started someone in my chat typed
the Club Penguin emotes that's so fun
the kingdom or rather the Gremlins of
skeeler are the funniest people bro the
way they always use Penguins oh dude you
never get told yeah I've never seen it
before P comedy
you got some right I know oh you wanted
the money yes I actually want this money
bro what the bro oh my god dude
screw it more custom die
okay I got my money back
[Music]
stop giving me coins
I thought that was loud that one was
really loud oh that was really loud
unlike the all the other ones oh there's
a limitation the bird Nation limitation
seek help
are you trying to donate your coins
Easter yes
you now see remember after the star is
when the 30 coins come up after a star
okay so we meet like wait a second then
press it
second by the way Nick
bruh yo I got three coins let's go yeah
donation and thus my play is complete
off into the Horizon I go my work here
is done but you didn't do anything what
do you mean now we're gonna sit here for
a minute you're not waiting the clock
Barrel gaming
just die already no we're dragging this
out up down up down if it catches me
it'll catch me see it caught me it
should actually be studied how Evie can
consistently innovate on being the most
annoying person in the world take great
pride in being good at something okay we
moving
do you think Birdo can do math
why would you ask that oh she looks like
to me like the type of character who
can't do math very well
Nick I'm a little aware of my lack of
math abilities you don't have to
translate to the things I love Yeah but
like you you don't understand berto's
nose is so big she probably can't even
see the paper
red bird at the back that's teaching
Victory is relative oh he's cute I'll
let him I'll let him be part of the
family I think I retaliate with
something like I smell bad or I'm ugly
or like the snowman's my family or
something the bird one it's not that
there's a bird it's because it's the
snow there yeah there's no snow related
thing here Brent so I have no comeback
in in this area this is outside of your
habitat completely all right this is the
opposite of my habitat bro both of our
habitat what the you mean just mine
bro no just yours bro you live in the
snow more than I do bro no I don't bro
you were living in Canada nowhere is
snowier than Canada you are literally a
penguin you live in like an unhabitable
areas for humans oh my God you know what
I don't actually live in a North Pole
you live in like Antarctica bro okay
awesome you know what I think this will
be really funny oh my God
finally the sweet release of death
Oh Be Me
Oh I suck at this one in general I can
kind of get it when it's the last two oh
okay oh wow really very nice that's very
impressive when it's the last two you
can get it that's crazy
nah I don't like being the one who
decides that we're getting two of hernia
because we're gonna watch
Nation why do you want to win Brent no I
don't want to win wait it's all over for
you burn yes I lost damn it I really
wanted for honey bad
bro I'm not gonna get a 10 I'm not gonna
get a 10. that's just no way there's no
way
oh I'm so lucky I got lucky space
[Applause]
[Music]
every time you say ooh there's just like
one more like monkey image I have to put
on screen
more editing for me baby like I just
choose nothing oh wait you're right
oh
oh you smell really good
you smell good dude you smell free
bro I wanted to shake your hand I want
to shake your hand I want to shake your
hand actually this actually isn't too
bad wait a second
[Music]
okay I mean sure we'll take it did you
have any objective in that entire game I
didn't really actually know what I want
from this election
how do we solve Mario Party not in God's
name did that happen
this game does all look dude yeah when
people say that now I want to punch him
in the face that's Giga cats two three
four five
two one all right so no I should give it
to Nick why you're winning burn your
shut up I'm sorry for your too talented
I can't help it no shut up one two three
four five six seven eight nine ten got
him you so uh now we just get
Brent away from that spot yo the quirky
very rare evw bro the common common
please that's a weird way of saying
common
oh I see I see shut up there no wait all
three of you die immediately
yellow you want yellow to kill you I see
yes I know it's gonna kill me this time
that's why I took no green always fails
me bro fail me one more time man please
no
oh I could think Evie's so lucky bro
yeah that's what I'm thinking
the more you cut out the more it's in
your favor yeah baby all right this time
it's gonna be green
what a tragedy bro it honestly sounds
like a genuine skill issue though Brent
if I'm being real you know what the
skill issue is you winning this minigame
right here
no yeah yeah how are you so bad that you
lose this one too man what are you
talking about you literally just lost a
second ago
seven
[Music]
oh baby my thoughts exactly
Wario time
so gross
it sounded naked
bernius give me that custom big guy oh
you a you ain't taking this come
on come on skill up the key Skeleton Key
[Music]
good at this game most amount
we're so bad at this mini game
yeah dude burn your style
I bet Nick uses a Virgo as an alarm
clock just to motivates again
I remember hearing that a long time ago
where it's like have like the most
annoying sound as an alarm for like to
get out of bed all right so I was having
an alarm set to Branson verb Nation
perfect rotation or something
[Music]
why me bro because this is your fault
all your fault all of it wait no don't
be don't be big
[Music]
now Evie's gonna oh my God it's classic
oh my God why are you wasting our time
bro see look how close I can get I'm
testing I'm learning
no yeah
bruh do you just want the satisfaction
of killing me dude yeah of course of
course all right so now we aim for
vernius
and then we kill you as well here
[Music]
oh
please please nice
I freaking knew it we can't spell Wario
without War yes okay
okay that's actually the best option
that was the best thing possible
there's not much that can be done at
this point yeah maybe I just had to go
for the swap Stars again as long as it's
not Evie don't be Evie that just Evie oh
hi the bird Nation all right we moved
easy we moved
easy shut up Evie oh my God yeah he's
he's just so he's the funniest dude I've
ever met in my life dude
himself
I have such a little money yeah that's
actually huge the fact you have little
money is the biggest thing the problem
is I've been buying so much items is
that I'm probably gonna get the item
star
hey I miss that you should keep a golden
pipe so you can at least but no I
wouldn't I wouldn't keep it I mean like
for teleportation I I yeah and you can
get rid of more coins and you can pass
on more stars to whoever you want how do
you get rid of more coins though by oh I
guess if you buy a star that makes sense
you say it every time though it's so
funny Brent it's actually one of your
best contributions to society
yeah yeah
do not put the Pac-Man clip in because
you said that blue could put the plastic
for like three times like you were it
already I'm gonna put it three times up
because you mentioned it yeah yeah yeah
[Music]
yo let's go okay dude you're so good at
being bad
it's gonna be me I can already tell
because you know what
that's really that's really good God
damn it
stop it
stop what is he doing
yep yeah as soon as you got it I was
like that was so perfect why are
you so blessed I know right oh wait dude
oh my God nothing ever not one single
time nothing ever goes bad for Brent
dude it's crazy
oh my God
use your items and start playing the
game good how about that you know what
Nick because you said that I'm expanding
my bad luck Montage from my Mysteries
run had to search for like two hours to
find any semblance of bad luck stuff
Evie could click on any video bro and
we'd find it immediately
yeah maybe I actually changed off this
thing bro
348 please three four eight no all right
still still alive though still alive
dude on ironically it takes a little bit
of skill to lose this I'm not even
joking yeah really okay it's harder to
lose this oh no oh no no no no no no no
no
took a lot of skill to lose quickly wow
it's almost like this is a usual game of
Mario Party where chance Diamond
Building Stars dictate everything and
nice bro that's my only shaving Grace
they're all gonna be in like the
northern path where the Buu is and no
one's gone there so yeah I can't believe
it's not a factor at all I sort of gotta
get another lucky space with a cry oh
perfect yes
three to five baby
a lot of you
know that three please
whoa wait oh yeah yes baby yes baby
finally something could happen to me you
know what this never happens okay I
don't care I need it baby I need it
foreign
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
let me just a stall for time real quick
just in case
you want a scrap burn yes let's go you
wanna take this outside okay we're
balling we're balling all my money I am
a big fan of the bird Nation today bro
tourism has increased exponentially oh
there's a tie
[Music]
I won't have a double but no I'm not
complaining either
[Music]
you are so down bad it's unbelievable
can I get a decent roll Daisy a decent
roll good DZ good that's what we need I
mean we already have a custom though you
want a key
I want to custom oh yo now you get a
cheaper star awesome I'm gonna put the
prettiest face in the sun in the back
okay I'm gonna test this I just want to
test this bro
I've done it you got it finally it took
me right here congrats oh my God the
last Barrel this is going in the museums
the history books wrestling like a
research facility for like eight hours a
day
exactly exact frame he needs to press to
that friend getting his computer science
major degree credit Computing how to
actually
come on baby come on what do we nice
what are you doing
[Music]
no no one away dude I wonder how
this video game is gonna go
I want to end this game with absolutely
nothing
yep I had a feeling you know what I
can't even lie that was a good place
that was a good play I'm I'm not
inclined to agree did I get Bowser no
get the 20 10 10 okay middle middle five
once again just level clarify we're fine
with the game chance down because like I
technically can't go in the path of the
star anyways yeah why not yeah go for it
I'd say go for it I got it I got it all
right it's time all right well time to
break the rules for one last funny cool
possible thing that could happen in this
[Music]
[Laughter]
see this is nature is healing bernius
gets screwed over by Evie the classic
bro we're returning to Our Roots Cloud's
approaching me he's got Limit Oh my God
specials clown dude
I don't think I didn't get touched at
all I don't think I got touched at all
as well
oh yes wait I think I'm a winner
wow
this could be me this could be me no
please God please no
dude
I think you're first you're first oh
wait yo suck my balls
Nick ones he had more points oh my God
listen I'm the most skilled human being
on the planet I can't tell you what to
say Nick is your refrigerator running
go catch it
[Music]